docs: add documentation for hasAnyCheckRunCompleted built-in function (#229)
reviewpad/docs: docs/guides/built-ins/functions/hasAnyCheckRunCompleted/index.mdx

---
# This slug is a workaround for the links on this page to work.
slug: "/guides/built-ins-haveallchecksruncompleted"

> ---

Reviewer: Please remove the work around. This is only needed for pages with links.

import CodeBlock from "@theme/CodeBlock";
import Example from "!!raw-loader!./example.yml";

**Description**:

> Checks if any check runs for a pull request have been completed with the provided conclusions.
> 
> If the `check_runs_to_ignore` parameter is provided the checks with a name included in the parameter will be ignored.
> 
> If the `check_conclusions` parameter is provided, any check run must be complete with one of the provided conclusions.
> 
> The `check_conclusions` parameter can contain one of `action_required`, `cancelled`, `failure`, `neutral`, `success`, `skipped`, `stale` or `timed_out`.

Reviewer 2: WDYT?
```suggestion
Checks whether any check runs for a pull request have been completed with the provided conclusions.

If the `check_runs_to_ignore` parameter is provided, any check runs that have a name included in the parameter will be ignored.

If the `check_conclusions` parameter is provided, only consider check runs that have been completed with one of the provided conclusions will be considered.

The `check_conclusions` parameter accepts the following values: `action_required`, `cancelled`, `failure`, `neutral`, `success`, `skipped`, `stale`, and `timed_out`.
```

:::caution

This built-in is not available for issues.

:::

**Parameters**:

> | Parameter                                | Type       | Description                                             |

Reviewer: Please check the formatting here.
